by pooling their resources the Queens
have survived their first major
challenge but this coalition can't last
tensions are already on the rise of the
Queens jostle for position within the
royal court the weaker Crouch
submissively before the more dominant
including the founding Queen
so begins the delicate maneuvering that
will soon take on a deadly significance
those at the bottom of the hierarchy
have little chance of surviving the
coming trials
another struggle for control is also
beginning above-ground the corral nest
is not the only one in Horseshoe Canyon
the desert floor is littered with
similar sized colonies and there's not
enough room for all of them
now the darker side of the honey ants
emerges it's time for the corral colony
to mount a preemptive strike on its
nearest neighbors
this killing spree continues through the
summer until a Corral colony has
eliminated all the other new nests in
their immediate neighborhood
the foundations of the Empire have been
laid underground to events have taken a
darker turn one of the Queen's lies dead
in the Royal chamber it's not clear why
but the workers have started singling
out the weaker Queens for special
attention at first it's all very subtle
one isn't fed so often or cleaned as
diligently
but then the workers start bullying and
harassing their chosen victim
finally it spills over into direct
attack and the workers tear the chosen
queen to pieces
nothing can go to waste even a royal
caucus
workers carry hungry larvae over to
feast on the dead Queen including many
that must have been her own offspring
[Music]
as the week's pass the revolution
continues only the most dominant Royals
seem immune to attack they just watch
and wait as the workers go about their
gruesome business
[Music]